{ recipes: [ { vegetarian: false, vegan: false, glutenFree: false, dairyFree:
false, veryHealthy: false, cheap: false, veryPopular: false, sustainable: false,
lowFodmap: false, weightWatcherSmartPoints: 81, gaps: 'no', preparationMinutes:
-1, cookingMinutes: -1, aggregateLikes: 3, healthScore: 38, creditsText:
'Foodista.com â€“ The Cooking Encyclopedia Everyone Can Edit', license: 'CC BY
3.0', sourceName: 'Foodista', pricePerServing: 1348.09, extendedIngredients:
[Array], id: 640633, title: 'Creamy Curry Cheese and Macaroni With Langostino
Tails and Black Truffle Oil', readyInMinutes: 45, servings: 1, sourceUrl:
'https://www.foodista.com/recipe/SDJKZM8G/creamy-curry-cheese-and-macaroni-with-langostino-tails-and-black-truffle-oil',
image: 'https://spoonacular.com/recipeImages/640633-556x370.jpg', imageType:
'jpg', summary: 'Creamy Curry Cheese and Macaroni With Langostino Tails and
Black Truffle Oil is an Indian main course. Watching your figure? This
pescatarian recipe has <b>2436 calories</b>, <b>138g of protein</b>, and
<b>143g of fat</b> per serving. For <b>$13.48 per serving</b>, this recipe
<b>covers 47%</b> of your daily requirements of vitamins and minerals. This
recipe serves 1. 3 people found this recipe to be scrumptious and satisfying.
Head to the store and pick up flour, an evoo, cheddar cheese, and a few other
things to make it today. It is brought to you by Foodista. From preparation to
the plate, this recipe takes around <b>45 minutes</b>. Taking all factors into
account, this recipe <b>earns a spoonacular score of 70%</b>, which is pretty
good. Similar recipes are
<a
  href="https://spoonacular.com/recipes/bacon-and-truffle-oil-macaroni-and-cheese-527146"
  >Bacon and Truffle Oil Macaroni and Cheese</a
>,
<a
  href="https://spoonacular.com/recipes/new-york-strip-steak-with-tri-berry-relish-crispy-onion-strings-and-baked-macaroni-and-cheese-with-prosciutto-and-truffle-oil-294268"
  >New York Strip Steak with Tri-Berry Relish, Crispy Onion Strings and Baked
  Macaroni and Cheese with Prosciutto and Truffle Oil</a
>, and
<a
  href="https://spoonacular.com/recipes/vegan-creamy-pasta-with-butternut-and-truffle-oil-712477"
  >Vegan creamy pasta with butternut and truffle oil</a
>.', cuisines: [Array], dishTypes: [Array], diets: [Array], occasions: [],
instructions: 'Trader Joes came through: their 12 oz bag of frozen langostino
tails are an excellent alternative to lobster, but more indulgent than shrimp.
Id also use crawfish tails; or Maine shrimp, since theyre so tiny and sweet, and
so unlike their bigger, brinier, ubiquitous tiger cousins. See how sweet and
pink and plump they are? I defrost them, rinse them, then drain them over a
screen set over a bowl, to separate all the liquids from the meat.\n' + 'Since I
only have one suitable pan (my Ikeawok), I start with my breadcrumbs, which I
can set aside for use later. I melt a tablespoon of butter of medium high heat
until just turning brown\n' + 'I throw my panko breadcrumbs, about 1/2 a cup,
into my hot butter, and toss in my wok\n' + 'Until all the crumbs are uniformly
toasted. I remove them from the pan, setting them aside on some parchment paper,
where I flavor them with salt and pepper, until I need them later.\n' + 'Along
with fontina cheese, I have a nice mild Wisconsin cheddar. I shred about 4
packed ounces of each onto a plate.\n' + 'OK, I shred about 6 oz of each;
Clayton is on the prowl, and he pinches when (he thinks) Im not looking.\n' +
'Along with grated nutmeg, simple salt and pepper, and a dash of chili curry
powder, these are the spice components of my sauce. To me, the best macaroni and
cheeses are the simple ones: firm pasta, flavorful cheesy sauce, and a crisp
crust. The addition of too many flavors and veggies just mucks up perfection.\n'
+ 'But the addition of 1/2 a white onion, nicely minced, is a must shallot would
do nicely, too, or garlic. In this case, we went simple\n' + 'And sweated and
softened the minced onion (about 1/2 cup) in a tablespoon of sizzling (but not
browned) melted butter.\n' + 'After a moment, I add a tablespoon of flour to the
sizzling butter, and stir well to make a roux.\n' + 'Finally, I add my cream,
and bring this to a simmer to thicken. See how the butter-sauteed onions float
to the top? They will be tender little bursts of flavor on the tongue later in
the meal. Stir well, and thicken over medium heat. My pasta is cooking on the
back burner, and will be ready in a few minutes.\n' + 'Meanwhile, I throw my
cheese into the sauce, and\n' + 'I briskly whisk over medium heat to melt and
blend.\n' + 'I add my just slightly undercooked pasta to my cheese sauce, and
blend well. I then add my drained langostino tails, mixing well, and simmering
until heated through.\n' + 'Finally, I spoon my sauce, seafood, and noodles into
buttered 8oz ramekins. I sprinkle a healthy portion of my breadcrumbs over the
top of each dish, then place in a 350 oven to bake through for 15-20 minutes.\n'
+ 'For the last five minutes, I put a cookie sheet, lined with parchment paper,
and mounded with fresh shredded parmesan cheese, into the oven to make some
cheesy croutons for a simple, snappy, arugula, onion, salted kumato tomato,
EVOO, and white balsamic vinegar salad to serve on the side.\n' + 'Right before
service, I dribble some black truffle oil, a delicious gift given to my by my
close friend and superpartner, Tom, over the top of my bubbling baked crispy
topped macaroni and cheese. My salad is fresh and light and sharp, topped with a
wafery salty savory parmesan cracker, the perfect compliment to my rich,
fragrant, slightly hot and wonderfully spiced creamy macaroni and cheese,
studded as it is with sweet, briny mouthfuls of tender langostino tails, and
topped with just the right buttered toast texture. Clayton and I dig in with
abandon: our noses fill with the umame aroma of melting cheese, our mouths with
the gooey heat of pasta cream, and our brains fire synapses hard-wired to
supreme excitement and titilla', analyzedInstructions: [Array], originalId:
null, spoonacularSourceUrl:
'https://spoonacular.com/creamy-curry-cheese-and-macaroni-with-langostino-tails-and-black-truffle-oil-640633'
} ] }
